GeeksforGeeks | A computer science portal for geeks Skip to content Tutorials Practice DS & Algo. Must Do Questions DSA Topic-wise DSA Company-wise Algorithms Analysis of Algorithms Asymptotic Analysis Worst, Average and Best Cases Asymptotic Notations Little o and little omega notations Lower and Upper Bound Theory Analysis of Loops Solving Recurrences Amortized Analysis What does 'Space Complexity' mean ? Pseudo-polynomial Algorithms Polynomial Time Approximation Scheme A Time Complexity Question Searching Algorithms Sorting Algorithms Graph Algorithms Pattern Searching Geometric Algorithms Mathematical Bitwise Algorithms Randomized Algorithms Greedy Algorithms Dynamic Programming Divide and Conquer Backtracking Branch and Bound All Algorithms Data Structures Arrays Linked List Stack Queue Binary Tree Binary Search Tree Heap Hashing Graph Advanced Data Structure Matrix Strings All Data Structures Interview Corner Company Preparation Top Topics Practice Company Questions Interview Experiences Experienced Interviews Internship Interviews Competititve Programming Design Patterns System Design Tutorial Multiple Choice Quizzes Languages C C++ Java Python C# JavaScript jQuery SQL PHP Scala Perl Go Language HTML CSS Kotlin CS Subjects Mathematics Operating System DBMS Computer Networks Computer Organization and Architecture Theory of Computation Compiler Design Digital Logic Software Engineering GATE GATE Computer Science Notes Last Minute Notes GATE CS Solved Papers GATE CS Original Papers and Official Keys GATE 2021 Dates GATE CS 2021 Syllabus Important Topics for GATE CS Web Technologies HTML CSS JavaScript AngularJS ReactJS NodeJS Bootstrap jQuery PHP Software Designs Software Design Patterns System Design Tutorial School Learning School Programming Mathematics Number System Algebra Trigonometry Statistics Probability Geometry Mensuration Calculus Maths Notes (Class 8-12) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes Class 12 Notes NCERT Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution RD Sharma Solutions Class 8 Maths Solution Class 9 Maths Solution Class 10 Maths Solution Class 11 Maths Solution Class 12 Maths Solution Physics Notes (Class 8-11) Class 8 Notes Class 9 Notes Class 10 Notes Class 11 Notes CS Exams/PSUs ISRO ISRO CS Original Papers and Official Keys ISRO CS Solved Papers ISRO CS Syllabus for Scientist/Engineer Exam UGC NET UGC NET CS Notes Paper II UGC NET CS Notes Paper III UGC NET CS Solved Papers Student Campus Ambassador Program School Ambassador Program Project Geek of the Month Campus Geek of the Month Placement Course Competititve Programming Testimonials Geek on the Top Careers Internship Jobs Apply for Jobs Post a Job JOB-A-THON Events Courses Write Come write articles for us and get featured Practice Learn and code with the best industry experts Premium Get access to ad-free content, doubt assistance and more! Jobs Come and find your dream job with us Geeks Digest Quizzes Geeks Campus Gblog Articles IDE Campus Mantri Home Saved Videos Courses GBlog Puzzles What's New ? Change Language Data Structures Algorithms Interview Preparation Topic-wise Practice C++ Java Python Competitive Programming Machine Learning Web Development SDE Sheet Puzzles GFG School Projects? GblogSDE SHEET – A Complete Guide for SDE Preparation What is SDE Sheet? SDE Sheet is a list of the most important topics or the most popular questions that are asked in the Software… Read More Top Programming Languages For iOS App Development Today, Mobile has become an essential part of our lives and businesses. If you’ll dig deeper, a report suggested that 56% of people go online… Read More GBlog Programming Language 10 Best Java Books For Beginners and Advanced Programmers in 2022 Medium Old is gold! This is what we say whenever we think of something from the old times which still holds good. In the digital era,… Read More GBlog Java VideosExplore 14:38 Von Neumann Architecture | Computer Architecture 02/04/2022 235:42 Login and Signup Page in Android Using Flutter 01/04/2022 28:43 How to Prepare for Accenture Placement Drive 31/03/2022 81:03 Air Quality Index Prediction in Machine Learning using Python 30/03/2022 28:37 Android Fingerprint Authentication | Lock Application 29/03/2022 19:29 Digit Recognition using Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) | MNIST Dataset 28/03/2022 18:23 Midpoint Circle Drawing Algorithm | Computer Graphics 25/03/2022 21:08 How to Create Language Detector Application in Flutter 24/03/2022 21:57 K Nearest Neighbors (KNN) Algorithm | Machine Learning 23/03/2022 14:57 How to Extract Audio From Video using Python 22/03/2022 Find pair i, j such that |A[i]?A[j]| is same as sum of difference of them with any Array element Given an array A[] having N non-negative integers, find a pair of indices i and j such that the absolute difference between them is same… Read More Arrays Mathematical Searching Minimize deletions such that no even index Array element is same as next element Given an array arr[], the task is to find the minimum number of deletion operations required such that: The newly created array should have an… Read More Arrays Greedy Stack Count ways to partition Binary Array into subarrays containing K 0s each Medium Given a binary array arr[] of size N, and an integer K, the task is to calculate the number of ways to partition the array… Read More partition subarray Arrays Greedy Mathematical Minimize divisions such that no Array element is divisible by K Medium Given an array arr[] of size N and an integer K, the task is to find the minimum operations such that no variable is divisible… Read More cpp-set Arrays Greedy Mathematical Count pairs of vertices in Tree such that distance between them is even Hard Given a tree of N vertices, the task is to find the number of pairs of vertices such that the distance between them is even… Read More DFS Permutation and Combination Mathematical Tree Wiley – mthree Interview Experience for Internship If you have received mail for the test of Wiley-mthree internship, Read this article very carefully as you will get to know about my experience… Read More Wiley - mthree Internship Interview Experiences Increment Operator Behavior When Passed as Function Parameters in C++ Basic In C++, an increment operator is used to increment the value of the variable by 1. The symbol ++ is used to represent the increment… Read More cpp-operator C++ Quick Links Events at GeeksforGeeks Courses at GeeksforGeeks Write an Article Java Tutorial Python Tutorial Data Structures Tutorial Coding Practice How to Define the Constructor Outside the Class in C++? Medium A constructor is a special type of member function whose task is to initialize the objects of its class. It has no return type so… Read More cpp-constructor Picked C++ How to Create Your First View in Spring MVC? Spring MVC is a Web MVC Framework for building web applications. The Spring MVC framework is comprised of the following components: Model: A model can… Read More Java-Spring Java-Spring-MVC Java Undoing in Git Undoing in git means doing undo just like when we type something in any text editor and deleted the sam. After that we think the… Read More Git Git – LFS (Large File Storage) Git-LFS replaces the large files in the repository with tiny pointers. It means if we have some large files in our repository like any Images,… Read More Picked Git Difference Between ApplicationContext and WebApplicationContext in Spring MVC Spring MVC framework enables separation of modules namely Model, View, and Controller, and seamlessly handles the application integration. This enables the developer to create complex… Read More Java-Spring Java-Spring-MVC Difference Between Java Git – Hooks Git is a free and open-source version control system. It is used in software development. Git allows software developers to see the changes they made… Read More Picked Git Page 1 of 7,81512345...102030...»Last » What's New Geeks Summer Carnival 2022 View Details Data Structures & Algorithms- Self Paced Course View Details Complete Interview Preparation View Details Quick Links Events at GeeksforGeeks Courses at GeeksforGeeks Write an Article Java Tutorial Python Tutorial Data Structures Tutorial Coding Practice Featured ArticlesView All Get Hired With GeeksforGeeks and Win Exciting Rewards! October 30, 2021 Master the Coding Interview – Contest Series Based On Real Interviews October 5, 2021 Recently Asked Interview Questions in Product Based Companies May 11, 2021 Bridge the Gap Between Engineering and Your Dream Job – Complete Interview Preparation May 1, 2021 100 Days of Code – A Complete Guide For Beginners and Experienced May 1, 2021 Recommended Guest Blogs Must Do Coding QuestionsCompany-wise Practice for cracking any codinginterview Placements Complete Interview Preparation WithDoubt Assistance GATE Computer Science Notes Machine Learning Django Tutorial Computer Science Projects Amazon SDE Test Series Company Interview Corner The C++ Standard Template Library(STL) Software Design Patterns SQL Tutorial Advanced Data Structures × 5th Floor, A-118, Sector-136, Noida, Uttar Pradesh - 201305 feedback@geeksforgeeks.org Company About Us Careers In Media Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Learn Algorithms Data Structures SDE Cheat Sheet Machine learning CS Subjects Video Tutorials News Top News Technology Work & Career Business Finance Lifestyle Languages Python Java CPP Golang C# SQL Web Development Web Tutorials Django Tutorial HTML CSS JavaScript Bootstrap Contribute Write an Article Improve an Article Pick Topics to Write Write Interview Experience Internships Video Internship @geeksforgeeks, Some rights reserved We use cookies to ensure you have the best browsing experience on our website. By using our site, youacknowledge that you have read and understood ourCookie Policy & Privacy PolicyGot It ! Start Your Coding Journey Now! LoginRegister