Wikipedia:Requests for page protection - Wikipedia Wikipedia:Requests for page protection From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Jump to navigation Jump to search Wikimedia noticeboard for requesting protection of pages "WP:RFP" and "WP:RPP" redirect here. You may also be looking for Wikipedia:Requests for permissions, Wikipedia:Requesting copyright permission, or Wikipedia:Random page patrol. v t e Noticeboards Wikipedia's centralized discussion, request, and help venues. For a listing of ongoing discussions and current requests, see the dashboard. For a related set of forums which do not function as noticeboards see formal review processes. General Administrators main incidents Bots Bureaucrats Centralized discussion Closure requests Education Interface admins Main Page errors Open proxies VRT Oversight User permissions Articles and content Biographies of living persons Copyrights questions on media problems Current events Dispute resolution External links Fringe theories Neutral point of view Original research Reliable sources Resource requests Spam blacklist whitelist Scalable vector graphics Titleblacklist Translation Page handling History merges Mergers Splits Moves Protection Importation XfD Articles Redirects Categories Templates Files Miscellany Undeletion User conduct Conflict of interest Contributor copyright Edit warring and 3RR Sanctions Personal restrictions General sanctions Discretionary sanctions Sockpuppets Usernames Vandalism Other Arbitration Committee noticeboard requests enforcement Edit filters requested false positives Questions Help desk Teahouse Reference desk New articles Requests for comment Village pump policy technical proposals idea lab WMF miscellaneous WikiProject proposals Category:Wikipedia noticeboards Skip to TOC Skip to bottom Requests for page protection Shortcuts WP:RFPP WP:RFP WP:RPP This page is for requesting that a page, file or template be protected. Please read up on the protection policy. Full protection is used to stop edit warring between multiple users or to prevent vandalism to high-risk templates; semi-protection and pending changes are usually used only to prevent IP and new user vandalism (see the rough guide to semi-protection); and move protection is used to stop pagemove revert wars. Extended confirmed protection is used where semi-protection has proved insufficient (see the rough guide to extended confirmed protection) After a page has been protected, the protection is listed in the page history and logs with a short description indicating why it was protected, and the article is listed on Special:Protectedpages. Further discussion should take place on the Talk page of the article. In the case of full protection due to edit warring, admins do not revert to specific versions of the page, except to get rid of obvious vandalism. Note: Editors should not consider requesting page protection as a method for continuing an argument from elsewhere nor as a venue for starting a new discussion regarding article content. If a request contains excessive argument, appears to be intended to resolve a content dispute, includes personal attacks or uncivil comments, or has any other unrelated discussion, it will be removed from this page and no action will be taken. Skip to table of contents requests to raise protection lower protection requested edits (purge) Request protection of a page, or increasing the protection level Request protection Request unprotection of a page, or reducing the protection level Request unprotection Request a specific edit to a protected page Please request an edit directly on the protected page's talk page before posting here this header: view • edit Archives 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Administrator instructions Contents 1 Current requests for increase in protection level 1.1 Elson 1.2 Taíno 1.3 KORAL Electronic Warfare System 1.4 Denis Villeneuve 2 Current requests for reduction in protection level 2.1 Gettr 2.2 Pathan (film) 3 Current requests for edits to a protected page 3.1 Module:If empty 4 Handled requests Current requests for increase in protection level Request protection of a page, or increasing the protection level Request protection Elson Elson (edit | talk | history | links | watch | logs) Temporary semi-protection: Persistent disruptive editing – Addition of copyright violations that have nothing to do with the actual content of the page. DanCherek (talk) 16:57, 2 April 2022 (UTC)[reply] Automated comment: One or more pages in this request appear to already be protected. Please confirm.—cyberbot ITalk to my owner:Online 17:15, 2 April 2022 (UTC)[reply] Semi-protected --Deepfriedokra (talk) 17:21, 2 April 2022 (UTC)[reply] User(s) blocked. --Deepfriedokra (talk) 17:21, 2 April 2022 (UTC)[reply] Note: copyvio revdel'd --Deepfriedokra (talk) 17:21, 2 April 2022 (UTC)[reply] Taíno Taíno (edit | talk | history | links | watch | logs) Semi-protection: Persistent disruptive editing – IP-hopping user edit warring. Donald Albury 23:51, 2 April 2022 (UTC)[reply] Semi-protected for a period of one week, after which the page will be automatically unprotected. Ks0stm (T•C•G•E) 00:45, 3 April 2022 (UTC)[reply] KORAL Electronic Warfare System KORAL Electronic Warfare System (edit | talk | history | links | watch | logs) Semi-protection: Persistent disruptive editing. – IP-hopping user edit warring (46.196.94.19). Posible SockPuppet IP. Page was edited before by NafisFuadAyon Checkuserblock-Account , User:Borskindlu (Proven SP), and lessers IPs of Gala19000; Once Blocked IP 1, Once Blocked IP 2. Mr.User200 (talk) 00:03, 3 April 2022 (UTC)[reply] Emphasis on the recent: Declined – Not enough recent disruptive activity to justify protection. Feel free to re-request protection or take it to WP:AN3 if edit warring resumes. Ks0stm (T•C•G•E) 00:51, 3 April 2022 (UTC)[reply] Denis Villeneuve Denis Villeneuve (edit | talk | history | links | watch | logs) Full protection: Content dispute/edit warring – Edit warring over an MOS:ETHNICITY issue, including some very experienced editors... RandomCanadian (talk / contribs) 00:45, 3 April 2022 (UTC)[reply] Oppose protection. There is a discussion and the anonymous editors who were vandalizing have stepped back for a while. No edit warring occurring. Walter Görlitz (talk) 00:48, 3 April 2022 (UTC)[reply] You can't just call IPs whom you disagree with vandals. Even then, as identified by some experienced users, there is a legitimate issue here about MOS:ETHNICITY. RandomCanadian (talk / contribs) 00:51, 3 April 2022 (UTC)[reply] Please do not assume that I disagree with them because I have restored the WP:CONSENSUS version of the lede. Read Template:Dfff. However, you're right, I should not call them all vandals. Walter Görlitz (talk) 01:01, 3 April 2022 (UTC)[reply] Current requests for reduction in protection level Request unprotection of a page, or reducing the protection level Request unprotection Gettr Gettr (edit | talk | history | links | watch | logs) Reason: See detailed un-protect request at https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Talk:Gettr#Remove_%22targeted_to_American_conservative%22 98.109.117.71 (talk) 03:34, 2 April 2022 (UTC)[reply] I could go either way. @ScottyWong: you protected the page, any thoughts on this request? — Wug·a·po·des 20:59, 2 April 2022 (UTC)[reply] Pathan (film) Pathan (film) (edit | talk | history | links | watch | logs) Indefinite create protection: Repeatedly recreated. iAdnan (talk) 22:16, 2 April 2022 (UTC)[reply] Automated comment: One or more pages in this request appear to already be protected. Please confirm.—cyberbot ITalk to my owner:Online 22:17, 2 April 2022 (UTC)[reply] Yes, already in protection, but I want to changed in normal like a semi edit user iAdnan (talk) 22:23, 2 April 2022 (UTC)[reply] Declined – No changes to the current protection level are required at this point in time. The existing draft has been declined and the page deleted multiple times. Recreation is rightly restricted to extended confirmed editors. — Wug·a·po·des 22:32, 2 April 2022 (UTC)[reply] Current requests for edits to a protected page Request a specific edit to a protected page Please request an edit directly on the protected page's talk page before posting here Module:If empty Module:If empty (edit | talk | history | links | watch | logs) Change protection template from Full Protection - which the page is not protected as, to template protection as it looks slightly confusing and nearly made me think it was full protected when it isn't 19:35, 31 March 2022 (UTC)Zippybonzo | talk The same should apply for Module:ListZippybonzo | talk 19:36, 31 March 2022 (UTC)[reply] Okay, so I've looked into this and firstly, I think this is a request to decrease protection, not make an edit. Second, the template and module are cascade protected which is why they are listed as full protected. The issue Zippybonzo points out is that these modules and templates are tempalte protected in addition to the cascaded full protection. @Primefac: you protected the module, so thought it would be worth asking you: is it worth upping these template protections to full protections in order to match the cascade protection level or should I just leave it alone? — Wug·a·po·des 21:40, 2 April 2022 (UTC)[reply] Handled requests A historical archive of previous protection requests can be found at Wikipedia:Requests for page protection/Archive. Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Wikipedia:Requests_for_page_protection&oldid=1080682015" Hidden categories: Project pages with short description Wikipedia move-protected project pages Wikipedia semi-protected project pages Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Project page Talk English Views Read View source View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Current events Random article About Wikipedia Contact us Donate Contribute Help Learn to edit Community portal Recent changes Upload file Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Print/export Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Wikimedia Commons Multilingual Wikisource Languages العربية تۆرکجه বাংলা Bosanski Brezhoneg Deutsch Español فارسی Français 한국어 हिन्दी Bahasa Indonesia Italiano Jawa Lëtzebuergesch Lietuvių Bahasa Melayu Nederlands नेपाली 日本語 Norsk bokmål Occitan Oʻzbekcha/ўзбекча Português Română Русский Scots Shqip සිංහල سنڌي Slovenščina کوردی தமிழ் తెలుగు Türkçe Українська اردو Vèneto Tiếng Việt 粵語 中文 Edit links This page was last edited on 2 April 2022, at 19:16 (UTC). Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License 3.0;additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Mobile view Developers Statistics Cookie statement